Make the README more informative (#111)
oras-project/oras-www: README.md

<img src="https://github.com/oras-project/oras-www/raw/main/docs/assets/images/oras.png" alt="FLINT UI logo" height ="auto" width="200" />
<br />

<h1>ORAS Documentation</h1>
 

> An ORAS UI is written in Hugo Framework, to provide an awesome user interface for configuring simulations.

Reviewer: It doesn't use the Hugo at the moment.

Author: @TerryHowe sir, Do you have some idea about the content that we can add here instead of this? Does that give a clear-cut view of the project to the new contributors?

Reviewer: Look around I don't really seen anything that is concise. You could say something generic like "This is the web site and documentation for the ORAS project."

Author: @TerryHowe Done with the changes suggested by you.
Let me know if anything I need to change
Otherwise we can merge this PR.

<h1>ORAS Documentation</h1>
 
An ORAS UI is written in Hugo Framework, to provide an awesome user interface for configuring simulations.

Source for ORAS website and documentation

Link: [oras.land](https://oras.land/)
<br>

> **[The documentation can be found here](/docs/index.md).**

Reviewer: probably could skip the TOC. I think this file should mostly point to the actual docs

Author: Okk sir will remove this :)

    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#developer-notes">Developer notes</a>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#how-to-get-involved">How to Get Involved?</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributors">Contributors</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">Code Of Conduct</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>
<br >

## About The Project
Registries are evolving as generic artifact stores. To enable this goal, the ORAS project provides a way to push and pull OCI Artifacts to and from OCI Registries.

Users seeking a generic registry client can benefit from the ORAS CLI, while developers can build their own clients on top of one of the ORAS client libraries.

<br>

## Getting started
In order to use and work on this project you need to install python to run the app locally.

> You can install python following the download's [instructions](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

Reviewer: Might want to still mention minimum Python version people should be using here which right now would be 3.8

Author: Okk sir will mention the python version great point make sense to include it

In order to check whether python installed or not, open a terminal and types:

```shell
python --version
```

### Installation
To set up this project locally follow the below procedure:

1. Clone [ORAS-WWW](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-www) repository:

2. Download the dependencies using following commands
```shell
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Run the following command to view the development server.
```
mkdocs serve
```

4. To view the UI please navigate to [http://localhost:8000/](http://localhost:8000/)

<br>

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be best to just like the contributing doc here to keep things more DRY

Reviewer 2: Second this. For ref : #90

Author: Okk thanks will work on that :)

> ## Contributing
> 
> ### Commit Convention
> Before you create a Pull Request, please check whether your commits comply with
> the commit conventions used in this repository.
> 
> When you create a commit we kindly ask you to follow the convention
> `category(scope or module): message` in your commit message while using one of
> the following categories:
> 
> - `feat / feature`: all changes that introduce completely new code or new
>   features
> - `fix`: changes that fix a bug (ideally you will additionally reference an
>   issue if present)
> - `refactor`: any code related change that is not a fix nor a feature
> - `docs`: changing existing or creating new documentation (i.e. README, docs for
>   usage of a lib or cli usage)
> - `build`: all changes regarding the build of the software, changes to
>   dependencies or the addition of new dependencies
> - `test`: all changes regarding tests (adding new tests or changing existing
>   ones)
> - `ci`: all changes regarding the configuration of continuous integration (i.e.
>   github actions, ci system)
> - `chore`: all changes to the repository that do not fit into any of the above
>   categories
> 
> <br>
> 
> ### Branch-name Convention
> <br>
> We follow the convention `[type/scope]`. For example `fix/lint-error` or `docs/component-api`. `type` can be either `docs`, `fix`, `feat`, `build`, or any other conventional commit type. `scope` is just a short id that describes the scope of work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# ORAS Documentation

> [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/db61db6e-a953-4b02-b5fb-7f04f018b9d8/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/oras-project/deploys)

Reviewer 3: I would also keep the top level header - it's mostly expected.

<h1>ORAS Documentation</h1>
 

> An ORAS is the web site and documentation for the ORAS project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository acts as a source for the ORAS website and documentation.
```

The previous sentence suggests that ORAS is a web site, but it is not.

Reviewer 3: I would just say "This repository _is_ the source for the oras website and documentation."

> An ORAS UI is the web site and documentation for the ORAS project.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Documentation website for the ORAS project, built with [Mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/). 
```

Reviewer 4: It's not exact to say ORAS UI. This is only the documentation project for ORAS.

<br>
Link: [oras.land](https://oras.land/)
<br>
Documentation : [Link](/docs/index.md).

<br>

<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#developer-notes">Developer notes</a>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#how-to-get-involved">How to Get Involved?</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributors">Contributors</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">Code Of Conduct</a></li>
  </ol>

> </details>

Reviewer 3: In case it's not known, GitHub by default provides a dropdown for all header sections in the top left. E.g., 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/814322/219995399-9241056f-7410-4af7-8010-757abc6d5275.png)

Details is a nice touch, but I usually save it for long bits of code that not everyone would be interested in.

> </details>

Reviewer 2: Love this feature. Thanks for pointing that out! @vsoch

<br >

## About The Project
Registries are evolving as generic artifact stores. To enable this goal, the ORAS project provides a way to push and pull OCI Artifacts to and from OCI Registries.

Users seeking a generic registry client can benefit from the ORAS CLI, while developers can build their own clients on top of one of the ORAS client libraries.

<br>

> ## Getting started

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Getting Started
```

Minor fix : will ensure we're following the same pattern for headings

In order to use and work on this project you need to install python to run the app locally.

You can install python version 3.8 by following the download's [instructions](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

In order to check whether python installed or not, open a terminal and types:

```shell
python --version
```

### Installation
To set up this project locally follow the below procedure:

1. Clone [ORAS-WWW](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-www) repository:

> 2. Download the dependencies using following commands

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Download the dependencies using following commands:
```

```shell
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Run the following command to view the development server.
```
mkdocs serve
```

4. To view the UI please navigate to [http://localhost:8000/](http://localhost:8000/)

<br>

## Deployment

This site is deployed using [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)

## Contributors

Thanks go to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

> <img src="https://github.com/oras-project/oras-www/raw/main/docs/assets/images/oras.png" width="100px;" />

Reviewer 3: Is this working correctly? I see 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/814322/219995520-388df1a0-b5d0-46cd-8204-5be73280c794.png)

But using allcontributors, I'd expect to see something like:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/814322/219995590-ae1fcc37-f37e-49d1-acda-3739026a9389.png)

(that's from oras-py, I use a wrapper called tributors but using all-contributors by itself should accomplish the same).

> <br>

Reviewer 3: I'd generally avoid break tags in a README.md.

In order to use and work on this project you need to install python to run the app locally.

You can install python version 3.8 by following the download's [instructions](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

In order to check whether python is installed or not, open a terminal and type the following command:

```shell
python --version
```

### Installation
To set up this project locally follow the below procedure:

1. Clone [ORAS-WWW](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-www) repository:

2. Download the dependencies using following commands:
```shell
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Run the following command to view the development server.
```
mkdocs serve
```

4. To view the UI please navigate to [http://localhost:8000/](http://localhost:8000/)

<br>

## Deployment

This site is deployed using [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)

<br>

## Contributors

Thanks go to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<a href="https://github.com/oras-project/oras-www/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=oras-project/oras-www" />
  

> </a>

Reviewer: anchor instead of md link
